.TH DESIRE.CONF "5" "June 2016" "idoprofitidocoke.conf 0.12"
.SH NAME
idoprofitidocoke.conf \- IDOPROFITIDOCOKE Core configuration file
.SH SYNOPSIS
All command-line options (except for '\-conf') may be specified in a configuration file, and all configuration file options may also be specified on the command line. Command-line options override values set in the configuration file.
.TP
The configuration file is a list of 'setting=value' pairs, one per line, with optional comments starting with the '#' character. Please refer to idoprofitidocoked(1) for a up to date list of valid options.
.TP
The configuration file is not automatically created; you can create it using your favorite plain-text editor. By default, idoprofitidocoked(1) will look for a file named idoprofitidocoke.conf(5) in the IDOPROFITIDOCOKE Core data directory, but both the data directory and the configuration file path may be changed using the '\-datadir' and '\-conf' command-line arguments.
.SH LOCATION
idoprofitidocoke.conf should be located in $HOME/.idoprofitidocokecore

.SH "SEE ALSO"
idoprofitidocoked(1)
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Micah Anderson <micah@debian.org> for the Debian system (but may be used by others). Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 3 or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation.

On Debian systems, the complete text of the GNU General Public License can be found in /usr/share/common-licenses/GPL.

